Remove step no longer needed to deploy Vaadin app to Control Center (#3589)
vaadin/docs: articles/control-center/application-discovery/index.adoc

</dependency>
----

Then build a Docker image of your application with an appropriate [filename]`Dockerfile` file.

[source,shell]
----
docker build -t vaadin/example:0.1.1 .
----

.Potential Side-Effects
[NOTE]

> Control Center will set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_NAME` environment variable with the name chosen in the deployment dialog and that will override any application name set in the application's properties.

Reviewer: A lint warning recommends to avoid using "will", let's rephrase:
```suggestion
Control Center sets the `SPRING_APPLICATION_NAME` environment variable with the name chosen in the deployment dialog and that might override any application name set in the application's properties.
```

> If your application has its own `bootstrap.yml` file or a name defined (i.e. the property `spring.application.name`) it may cause unexpected side-effects when trying to deploy it through Control Center.

Reviewer 2: What are the unexpected side-effects? Let's not leave the reader wondering and guessing what those might be, but rather explain everything we know could happen.

Reviewer: Good point. On a recent commit we also removed the bootstrap file, so no need to mentioned it here, let's only mention that Control Center will set the `SPRING_APPLICATION_NAME` environment variable with the name choose in the deployment dialog and that will override any application name set in the application properties. Maybe this can be a `NOTE` instead of a `WARNING`?
